This is the video you've been waiting
for. The number one question I've gotten
over the last few weeks since OpenClaw
released is, "Okay, I get the technology
is powerful, but how does this actually
make my life better?" In this video, I'm
going to answer that question. I'm going
to go through six lifechanging open claw
use cases that I personally guarantee
will be applicable to everyone watching
this video. I don't care if you've never
touched a computer in your life or
you're a complete technical wizard,
you're going to find at least one
workflow in this video that will
convince you that Open Claw is the most
powerful technology of all time. Now,
let's lock in and get into it. The first
use case I want to go through is a
second brain. Have you ever been on the
road and you came up with an idea or
found a link you wanted to remember or a
book you wanted to read, but you didn't
have a system for saving any of that?
and maybe you're using something like
notion or Apple notes. But the issue is
both those tools can get very complex,
especially when you start putting a lot
of information into it. I built a second
brain system with Open Claw that helps
me remember everything I think of all
with just a simple text message.
Openclaw has the best memory system of
any AI tool ever created. It remembers
literally everything you tell it. So,
you need to take advantage of this
memory system. So, I built this second
brain system you see here, which allows
me to view and search through every
conversation we've ever had. This is
amazing because now at any time, I can
go into Telegram or iMessage or Discord
or wherever I'm communicating with my
bot and just send it things to remember.
So, maybe you're on the road and your
friend tells you about a book you want
to read. What you were probably doing
before is maybe you'd go into notion,
you go into this really complex folder
system, or maybe go into Apple Notes,
which has 10,000 notes in it that you'll
never read ever again. With OpenClaw, I
can simply just text message anything to
my bot Henry, say, "Hey, please remember
this for me," and then come back into my
second brain system at any point and
find those memories very easily. So, for
instance, if I'm on the road and I find
a book about local LLM, I can say,
"Remind me to read a book about local
LLMs." I can hit enter. That text Henry
to remember whatever that is I was
talking about. And what's amazing is you
can do this literally from iMessage and
send that there. And then in my second
brain system that I built here that I'll
show you how to build yourself in a
second with OpenClaw. I can now go in
and either search through my memories.
If I hit command K, I have this global
search. And now I can say local LLMs.
And now I have every single memory and
document and task I've ever given Henry
and can find it very very easily and pop
it open and read it here. This is the
most powerful second brain system in the
world. One, because it remembers
literally everything. And two, I don't
need to use annoying complex apps like
notion. I can just text my Open Claw
from my phone and it remembers
everything I text it. That's again the
most amazing part about Open Claws. The
interface is so simple. You don't need
apps. You don't need anything that you
just text message your bot. Now, you
want to build this yourself. Very
simple. I got good news for you. Your
open claw is super intelligent. It can
do anything you ask it. I'll put this
prompt down below, so feel free to copy
and paste it into your own open claw.
But what you want to say is, I want to
build a second brain system where I can
review all our notes, conversations, and
memories. Please build that out with
Nex.js. You hit enter on that, and your
open claw will literally just build out
this entire system for you. It does the
vibe coding for you. You're not even
vibe coding anymore. Your bots's doing
the vibe coding. I didn't touch a line
of code to build what you saw here. I
just told my OpenClaw to build it, and
it went and built it for me. Everyone
needs a second brain system. So, if you
haven't yet, go to your OpenClaw, text
it, say, "Hey, build this for me." You
can text it from the road and it'll
build it on your computer, and you will
have your second brain system all set up
and good to go. The second use case that
I'll go through that I promise will make
your life so much easier is the custom
morning brief. Every morning at 8:00
a.m., my bot Henry sends me a completely
custom morning brief with everything I
need to know going into that day. This
is scheduled. I don't need to think
about it, and includes all the important
information I need to know. So, for
instance, it tells me the biggest AI
stories from the last night, so that
when I wake up, I instantly know
everything I need to know from the news.
It gives me a bunch of video ideas. So,
you can see here, I have three ideas for
new videos I can film. And what you
don't see here is it actually wrote the
entire scripts for these videos, too.
So, I can just wake up and I have
scripts ready for me, good to go. It
takes a look at my to-do list on my Mac
and tells me any tasks I need to
complete that morning. And then it
recommends me tasks it can do itself to
help me out. This ensures the moment I
wake up, I have all the information I
need. And also, I already have work
done. I'm literally up for one minute
and I already have multiple scripts
written out, good to go. I've used
several of these scripts over the last
couple weeks, and I bet you didn't even
realize it was built by my bot, Henry.
This morning brief alone has saved me
several hours a week. And the best part
is is you can customize this any way you
want with one simple message. And the
reason you can do this and the reason
why this is so powerful is is a few
things. Open Claw has complete access to
the internet. So while I'm sleeping, it
literally opens up a browser, just sits
there and researches on the internet all
night long. And then two, it does task
proactively. So it will schedule this
and send me these morning briefs at the
same time every morning. And even
better, on top of all that, it goes
directly to my phone. So this is all
texted to me through Telegram. So I
don't need to go in these confusing
third party apps to find these morning
briefs. They're all texted directly to
me in the apps I use daily and I get all
the information I need and tasks done
the moment I wake up. So, how do you set
this up yourself? Very simple. Go to
your open claw and type this in. I want
to set up a regular morning brief. Every
morning, I want you to send me a report
through Telegram. I want this report to
include one new stories relevant to my
interest, two ideas for businesses I can
create, three tasks I need to complete
today, and four recommendations for
tasks we can complete together today.
And you can customize this any way you
want. Literally anything you want in
your morning brief, you just put it into
this message. The reason why I really
like number four is it actually has the
AI come up with its own tasks that it
can help you with. So, it thinks of
things on its own that you maybe you
didn't know it could do, but you hit
enter on this and it will go and it just
will schedule and do this for you. No
technical work needed. And after just 5
seconds, you now have a morning brief
coming in every morning with all the
important information you need to know
and a brief on what you need to do that
day. It doesn't matter what industry
you're in or what you do. You can create
a custom morning brief that will be
helpful for your life and save you time.
And if you can't think of what you want
in that morning brief, I have even
better news for you. You don't even have
to think of things to put in your brief.
You can just say, "I want this report to
include things relevant to me." You can
just say, "Hey, think of things to put
in this report." So, you don't even need
to creatively think about it. You can
just lean on your open claw to think of
what to put in that report. Easy peasy
prompt down below. Steal it. Put it in.
You instantly have more value in your
life. The third thing I built with my
open claw that has changed my life that
I think will change a lot of other
people's lives is really relevant if
you're into content creation. Whether
you tweet or you create YouTube videos
or you write newsletters or you do
literally anything to do with content, I
think this one's relevant to you. And if
you have absolutely no interest in
content, you don't write any content,
feel free to skip to the next chapter.
But I built my own content factory. I
use Discord for this because Discord is
great for channels. So, I'd highly
recommend going in and setting up your
OpenClaw in Discord if you don't know
how to literally just go to your Open
Claw and say, "Hey, set up a Discord for
us." And what I have my Open Claw do is
a few things every morning. One, it
researches the top content opportunities
that day. So, it'll go research the top
stories. It'll research content trending
from my competitors. It'll research
things performing well on social media.
And then, it'll come up with those ideas
for content. Then Henry takes this
research and passes it off to another
agent, Quill, who then takes this and
actually writes scripts. So it takes one
of the ideas that Quill thinks is the
best, and then writes an entire script
for that idea. And this doesn't have to
just be scripts, it could be tweets if
you want, it could be newsletters if you
want, whatever you want. Then from
there, the scripts are passed off to
another sub agent, Pixel, who then goes
and actually generates AI thumbnails for
the videos. So, what you can see here is
actually a local AI model that's running
on my Mac Studio that generates images.
You can use Nano Banana for this. You
don't need to use a local model. I just
like to use a local model. I'm still
training this local model now to make
good thumbnails, but very soon I will
have very good AI thumbnails printing
out. The point being is you can set up
these complex systems inside Discords
where you have multiple agents in
different channels basically running a
content factory for you. Here's the
prompt you're going to use to set it up.
I put this down below as well. Feel free
to put it into your Telegram or Discord
or whatever communication your channel
you're using with your Open Claw. I want
you to build me a content factory inside
of Discord. Set up channels for
different agents. Have an agent that
researches top trending stories, another
agent that takes those stories and
writes scripts, then another agent that
generates thumbnails. Have all their
work organized in different channels.
Your OpenClaw will go and set this all
up for you. You don't need technical
knowledge. It will just set it up, set
up the different agents, and have them
working. Then from there, you can ask it
to do it regularly. I have this happen
at 8 a.m. every morning. 8 a.m. every
morning, each agent does that work. So,
they'll do the research and then it'll
generate scripts, then it'll generate
thumbnails. You can customize this any
way you want. If you're more focused on
X, you can say, "Generate me threads,
generate me posts." If you're more
focused on newsletters, you can just
say, "Hey, write me newsletters
instead." This is completely custom.
That's the beautiful part about all of
this. So, take that prompt, build your
own content factory. The next use case I
want to go over is great for anyone who
either a wants to build their own
business or b needs to do research for
their own business. They already have.
There is this incredible skill from Matt
Van Horde called the last 30 days skill.
What this skill does is allow OpenClaw
to research any topic you can think of
and see what people are saying about it
on Reddit and X. So for instance, say
you're a wannabe entrepreneur. You want
to start your own business. You want
OpenClaw to build an app for you, but
you don't know what to build an app
about. You install this skill, which
I'll show you how to do in a second.
Then you go into your open claw and you
say something like, "Please use the last
30-day skill to research challenges
people are having with OpenClaw." And
for you, you can put in any topic or
subject you want in there. Then your
OpenClaw will go in and actually
research both X and Reddit over the last
30 days and find all the challenges with
OpenClaw, right? And so if I'm thinking
about this from an entrepreneurial
perspective, I'm thinking, okay, what
challenges are people having here? Since
I am a major voice in OpenClaw, I could
potentially build a product that solves
one of these challenges. So, okay. So,
looks like people are having setup
difficulty now. Maybe I go and build a
system where it makes it much easier to
set up the open claw. Right? This is how
entrepreneurs think. They look for
challenges and then build solutions to
those challenges. Now, taking this a
step further, I can go in and I can ask
my open claw, hey, build a product that
solves this challenge. And now my open
claw will go and vibe code a solution to
any of these challenges. Then I ship it
and I'm good to go. I got a product
going. This is basically a software
factory that I built. I didn't have to
code. I didn't have to do any technical
work. I just set up these skills and now
my open claw is doing all this work for
me. Anyone can do this. There's no
special skill I have that allowed me to
do what I just showed you. You whether
you have a nineto-ive kids, I don't
care. You can install this skill and
literally within 15 seconds have a
system set up where you are building
products that you can sell and start
making money off of. There is no
hyperbole here. If you think I'm lying
about any part of this, tell me which
part of this I'm talking about that
isn't true. I will have the link to this
last 30 days skill down below. You
simply copy and paste it into your open
claw and say install this skill and
boom, you have the skill and you're good
to go. If you found any of this helpful
so far, make sure to leave a like down
below. Make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications. All I do is create
incredible videos about AI and OpenClaw.
Let me know down below which of these
use cases have been the most helpful so
far. I still have two more to go before
we get to these last two. Just let me
know which have been the most helpful
before. And if you have any questions
for me, feel free to join the Vibe
Coding Academy. I'm doing a live boot
camp this Friday. It will be recorded.
You can be a part of it. You can ask me
questions, anything you want. It's all
part of the open claw boot camp that
will be in the Vibe Coding Academy link
down below. Join us for that. The next
use case that I promise will help every
single person watching this video, no
matter how skeptical you are about
OpenClaw is giving OpenClaw tasks that
move you closer to your goals. Now, what
does that mean? Open Claw can do
anything a human being can do on a
computer. The challenge most people have
with OpenClaw is you got all this power
in the world, but they can't think of
what to do with it. So, what I built
here that I'm about to show you is a
system for OpenClaw to figure out tasks
it can do on its own that gets you
closer to your goals. So, I built out
right here this canban board. By the
way, every time I say canban, I get a
100 comments and say, "Oh, you're
pronouncing it wrong." I don't care. I'm
going to say canban. What happens is
every morning, Henry, my openclaw, puts
in its own tasks and starts getting to
work on those tasks. These tasks always
get me closer to what my overall goals
are in my career. Right? So, right now
it's researching ExoLabs, which is
technology allows me to run local models
on my Mac Studio, but you can see a lot
of the other tasks it's done over the
last day. It's edited my mission control
here. By the way, if you want
instructions on how to build your own
mission control UI, let me know in the
comments down below as well. It's
researching ExoLabs. It's building a new
council functionality that allow me to
talk to a bunch of models at the same
time. And this is all doing things that
help me get closer to my goals. But how
does it know what my goals are and how
does it figure out what it should do?
What I'm about to show you is the most
important workflow you can do in Open
Claw today, which is this. Brain dump
into Open Claw every goal, mission,
objective you have in your life, your
personal life, and your career. This
gives context to Open Claw around
everything you're trying to accomplish.
Right? So for me, I'm trying to grow my
YouTube. I'm trying to grow my
educational community. I'm trying to
build incredible products. I'm trying to
scale my SAS creator buddy. And I brain
dumped all that into my OpenClaw. Now
that OpenClaw knows all my missions and
objectives in my life, I can give it a
prompt that says, "Hey, every morning at
8:00 a.m., come up with four to five
tasks that you can do on my computer
that brings me closer to these goals."
Now, OpenClaw every morning goes in,
comes up with its own tasks, schedules
them for itself, and completes those
tasks. doing research for me, building
scripts for me, writing content for me,
building new functionality in my mission
control for me. All these little things
get me closer to my end goals. You
should do this as well. So, two steps
you need to do right now. Go into
Telegram or however you're communicating
with your open claw. Brain dump all your
goals and then say, "Hey, every morning
come up with tasks you can complete that
get me closer to these goals." And then
if you want to take it a step further
like me, you can say, "Hey, build out a
canban board that tracks these tasks so
you can see every single thing your bot
is doing." This system will basically
turn your bot into a close employee that
works for you that you can track. You
need to do this. The only people that
shouldn't be doing what I just
recommended are people with no goals or
ambitions in your life. And if you have
no goals and ambitions in your life, why
the hell are you watching this channel?
Get the hell out of here. This channel's
for high ambition people only. And the
last use case I'll give you, the sixth
out of six use case I'll give you is
build your own mission control. What you
see here, why should you build your own
mission control? My goal with my mission
control app here is I want to replace
every piece of software I use. Notion,
to-d doist, it doesn't matter what app I
use. I want to replace it and build it
myself with my openclaw. And the reason
why I want to do that is Open Claw has
access to every memory, everything
you've ever told it. By building out
your own apps, by building your own
calendar tools and note-taking tools and
all of that, you now have tools that are
directly integrated with every memory
and conversation you've ever had with
AI, which is incredibly powerful. And it
doesn't even account for the fact that
now I don't have to pay for these other
tools. I'm just building them myself.
So, as long as you're using computers
and you have apps on your computer, this
use case is impactful for you. You're
basically just having your OpenClaw
build out all the apps you're already
using. And this isn't complicated. You
just go to your OpenClaw and you say,
"Hey, I'm tired of using Google
Calendar. Please build out our own
version using NextJS." And you hit enter
and it'll just build you the app and
it'll ship it and launch it and run it.
and you just go to the URL it gives you
and you have your own calendar app and
you don't need to use Google calendar
anymore as long as you use software
which I assume if you're watching this
channel and watching like a 20 minute
long openclaw video you probably have
apps you use this use case impacts you
it saves you money and it supercharges
your apps because it plugs it into all
your openclaw memories right this is my
calendar this isn't just showing the
events on my calendar this is showing
the automated tasks my openclaw does
every day. So, that makes it a way more
powerful calendar. Now, the last thing
I'll go through on this video that I
think is really important is cost. The
[laughter] I think the number one reply
I get in all my videos is, "Yeah, but
talk about cost. How much is this
costing you? Are you broke now?" No,
this is only costing me $200 a month.
That's how much the anthropic
subscription costs. But you don't need
to do this for $200 a month. You can do
this for way cheaper. Miniax just
released a model called Miniax 2.5. It
is incredibly powerful. It is basically
as powerful as Opus and it is about $10
a month. You don't need to use Opus. You
can say, "Hey, use Miniax instead and
you'll save money." There's a model
called GLM5 that you can use. That's
another $5 a month. There are expensive
ways to do this like Opus and there are
cheap ways to do this like Miniax. So
depending on what your budget is, you
have many different options. It's
totally up to you. I personally am going
with Anthropic because I think it's the
best coding model in the world, but you
can go with cheaper options. Let me know
down below which is going to be the
first use case you implement. And also
more importantly, let me know down below
what video do you want to see next about
OpenClaw. Is there any specific use
case? Is there anything you want me to
show you how to set up? Let me know down
below. I'm happy to go through. I'm
thinking about doing a video around how
to plug in local models to open claw so
you can save money with open models. Let
me know down below if that's what you
want to see as well. I hope this is
helpful. Leave a like down below.
Subscribe. Turn on notifications. Join
the vibe coding academy if you want to
see all the live boot camps I do. Hope
this was helpful and I'll see you in the
next